```
import { Context, DynamoDBPutItemRequest, util } from '@aws-appsync/utils';
import { createItem } from '../../lib/helpers';
import { MutationCreateUserAccountArgs, User } from '../../types/appsync';

export function request(
  ctx: Context<MutationCreateUserAccountArgs>,
): DynamoDBPutItemRequest {
  const item = createItem(ctx.args.input!);
  const id = util.autoId()

  return {
    operation: 'PutItem',
    key: util.dynamodb.toMapValues({
      PK: "USER",
      SK: `USER#${id}`
    }),
    attributeValues: util.dynamodb.toMapValues({
      id: id,
      ENTITY: "USER",
      ...item,
    }),
  };
}

export function response(
  ctx: Context<MutationCreateUserAccountArgs, object, object, object, User>,
) {
  return ctx.result;
}
```


This TypeScript code snippet is an AWS AppSync resolver that handles the creation of a new user account. It uses the @aws-appsync/utils package for utility functions and types related to AWS AppSync, and it also imports a custom helper function createItem and types from a local module. 

Let's break down the code to understand its functionality:

### Import Statements

- @aws-appsync/utils: This package provides utilities for working with AWS AppSync, including types and functions for handling DynamoDB operations, among other things.

- createItem: This is a custom helper function imported from a local module. It's likely used to transform or prepare the input data for creating a new user account.

- MutationCreateUserAccountArgs and User: These are TypeScript types imported from a local module. MutationCreateUserAccountArgs defines the shape of the arguments expected by the mutation for creating a user account, while User defines the shape of a user object.


### Request Function
This function is responsible for preparing the request to DynamoDB to create a new user account. It takes a Context object as an argument, which contains the arguments passed to the mutation (ctx.args.input).

- createItem(ctx.args.input!): Calls the createItem helper function with the input data. The ! operator is used to assert that ctx.args.input is not null or undefined.

- util.autoId(): Generates a unique ID for the new user account. This ID is used as part of the primary key for the DynamoDB item.

- Returns a DynamoDBPutItemRequest: This object specifies the operation to be performed (PutItem), the primary key (PK and SK), and the attribute values to be stored in DynamoDB. The primary key consists of a partition key (PK) and a sort key (SK), both prefixed with "USER" to indicate the type of item being stored. The attribute values include the generated ID, the entity type, and any additional attributes from the item object created by createItem.


### Response Function
This function handles the response from DynamoDB after the PutItem operation. It takes a Context object as an argument, which now includes the result of the DynamoDB operation (ctx.result).

- Returns ctx.result: Simply returns the result of the DynamoDB operation. This result would typically include information about the newly created item, such as its primary key and any attributes that were stored.


> Download the complete workshop code. To keep the workshop short, the code for other resolvers such as:
> - create building resolver
> - create apartment resolver
>
>will be provided and keep in mind that, they follow thesame concept
>
